Adrenaline zutto nagashite
boku no hou ga overheat shisou
Bakuhatsu shite hai ni natte mo
kono mama dato
waratteru ne kitto
Machi wo oikoshite
konoyo no hate made
buttobashite shinjuu shiyou
saa te wo nobashite
Chiheisen ni todoku you ni
genkai made furikitte kure
Clash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Saikou no finale wo! Yeah!
O.K. Then, I'll use
a gun microphone from now on.
Now, let's go to a live report...
...five, four, three, two, one...
Today, I'm interviewing Onizuka,
a new teacher at a private school...
...who rescued the kidnapped daughter
of an assemblyman like an action hero!
Onizuka-sensei...
Hello!
I'm Eikichi Onizuka,
22 years old, a bachelor!
My hobbies are cosplay
and surfing the Internet.
I'm currently looking for a girlfriend!
Isn't this a nationwide broadcast?
He is hopeless...
desperately hopeless...
Let me ask you about the incident.
It was such a courageous act.
But weren't you scared?
HEISEI VERSION KINPACHI
(Next Famous Teacher)
I concentrated more on the mission,
rather than the fear, I should say.
ONIZUKA, 22 YEARS OLD, SINGLE
OCCUPATION: GREAT TEACHER,
SEEKING GIRLFRIEND
By the way, my favorite type
of girl is Nanako Matsushima.
I heard that you were shot
with a pistol in the abdomen.
Well...compared
to her emotional pain...
...taking a bullet or two
was just like an itch!
Ah, the age limit is 19!
It's kind of a hassle
after the law passed...
Those were the comments
from Eikichi Onizuka.
A mere teacher for life!
CRITIQUE OF PURE REASON:
KANT
Any girl who looks like
Nanako Matsushima!
PHILOSOPHICAL INVESTIGATIONS:
WITTGENSTEIN
I'm waiting for your letter!
Would you show
my mailing address?
Why would we do that?
See? Interesting, isn't he?
It could be a little entertainment
to kill time, I think.
That's all from here,
live in Kichijoji!
Please don't edit out the part
about my looking for a girlfriend.
- Please! Please!
- It's a live broadcast!
Eikichi Onizuka!
Yoroshiku!
Back to you, in studio!
Miyabi... it didn't work?
Yes, it did.
I know her character
better than anyone else does.
That girl certainly got interested!
If that's the case..!
It's all over
for Onizuka this time...
Please give me more time!
I beg of you!
Please! Please!
Help! Hee! Help!
So...
Have you received any letters...
...or calls from women saying
they want to be your girlfriend?
Nothing.
I figured...
No! It's not over yet!
There must be
complicated reasons like...
...post offices were closed for holidays
or the phone system was down or...
Eikichi, let me
clarify this for you!
There is no way you can attract a girl
after acting so stupid on national TV!
Did you say stupid? Stupid?!
Anyone would think you're stupid!
What was up with that
weird dinosaur get-up?
Oh, no...
you guys are at it again!
Ever since high school
you guys were quick to pick a fight...
...and couldn't get rid of
your bad habits.
You guys haven't made
much progress.
Nagisa...
Nagisa! Long time no see!
Don't touch my girl!
Stingy!
Here you are!
I saw you on TV
and in the newspapers.
Eikichi seems more and more
like a real teacher.
Well... I would say
it's my vocation...
Just his imagination,
just his imagination!
If you find a cute girlfriend,
your rosy life will be complete!
You're right!
That's my current headache!
Hey, Nagisa,
aren't there girls at your college...
...cute, gentle,
and voluptuous like you?
I guess...
there is no such girl...
Come on, Eikichi...
I'm serious.
Nagisa, you're a man's fantasy...
...no, ideal itself!
Your boobs...and boobs...
and boobs...
But it's not that easy.
They give me stiff shoulders.
Besides, I heard they would
hang low when I get old.
I see.
I happen to know a pressure point
for keeping your boobs firm and up.
Do you want me to press it?
What?
This one has been passed down
for a million years in China...
...and is believed to have
miraculous efficacy.
Women who have this point
pressed are said...
...to have "rocket boobs"
even at the age of 90.
"Bee-tick, bee-tick.
Tick-tick, toon-toon."
Where's the non-flabby point?
You punched me really hard!
Seriously!
Shut up! You tried to massage
my girlfriend's boobs!
Hey. You are monopolizing
those giant boobs!
Your attitude sucks!
You, the pervert teacher!
Stop it, you two!
A girlfriend.
I need to get serious
about finding one.
I wish I could find one
lying around somewhere.
Her hair should be long
like this.
She should be slender
with big boobs...
...wearing a skirt with a slit,
looking sharp...
Wow!
Lucky!
I heard about a fountain
in a foreign country...
...where you throw a coin
over your shoulder...
...and your wish comes true
or something.
So, let there be luck!
I guess I sound like
a superstitious old man.
I wish I could find a cute girlfriend!
Well, it would be too easy
if I could find one just by doing this!
Wow!
Her hair should be long...
...slender with big boobs...
...wearing a skirt with a slit,
looking sharp...
Is...is this a dream?
Or did that five-yen coin
actually work so fast?
Teacher?
WHAT?!
You're Onizuka-sensei, aren't you?
You were on TV.
Uh...yes...
I became a huge fan of yours
after watching that talk show!
BANZAI DAYTIME NEWS SHOW
Hail to the Talk Show!
You!
Um...uh...it's my motorcycle.
Then let's go!
Go...? Where?
It's obvious...isn't it?
Well...the only place...
I haven't asked your name yet.
What? What did you say?
Name!
Urumi Kanzaki!
Urumi.
That's an unusual name.
So, Urumi, how old are you?
Nineteen!
Bingo! She's barely safe!
Ah! Turn right there and stop!
Oh, all right.
Good! No one's here!
This place is...
LAUNDROMAT
Don't tell me she wants
to do it in a place like this.
Too bold, baby!
Teacher...
Whoa...wow!
I'll never forget you,
Urumi Kanzaki!
My first girl...
Now, let me use this
until my clothes dry.
I might catch a cold
if I stay in wet clothes!
So, the place you
wanted to go was...
Of course,
where I can dry my clothes!
Where did you think it was?
Uh...well... it was...
I knew it was
too good to be true...
I wonder what this is.
Good! This will work!
Here! Put this on.
It's too cold to stay naked, isn't it?
Ah...no. Not really...
Stop.
Stop it. I have no inclination...
Never mind...never mind...
It looks good on you!
Does it, really?
Here's the next one.
What?
Whoa! Look what's in here...
this and that...
Umm...excuse me...
- Here. Hold this in your hand.
- What?!
Oh, take your pants off
and put this on.
- Put this on, too.
- You mean...this is...
- Here! This and this and...
- Um...hey, hey...
Ah...this is...
Let me see.
That looks pretty good.
You look great
and kind of kinky...
Could this girl...
...with such a cute,
innocent face...
...have abnormal taste?
What should you do,
Eikichi Onizuka?
You're 22 years old.
Is it all right to step into...
the forbidden territory?
Of course, there may never be
another chance like this!
I should muster up
all my courage and...
- Wait!
- What?
Please help me kill some time.
I have 60 or 70 long
and chillingly boring years...
... remaining in my life.
What?
Someone!
- Hey...hey!
- Help!
What's wrong?
That pervert...to me...to me...
What? That guy?
- Hey, you! You're under arrest!
- What?
Ah, no...no, no...this is...
Ha ha ha! Whoa!
I'm sorry.
Hey! Hold it!
Hey, isn't Onizuka
extremely irritated today?
Why wouldn't he be?
But it's not like him
to get arrested...
...especially on suspicion
of molestation.
But I heard that
the victim disappeared.
Otherwise, he wouldn't
have been released.
He insists he was set up...
...but I heard he was
in his underwear...
...and he had all kinds
of kinky props.
Does it mean
he is guilty, then?
I wouldn't be surprised
if he was.
Stop making that sound!
We'll believe you!
Don't take it out on us!
Stop it!
A healthy spirit resides
in a healthy body!
Come on. Put more spirit into it!
Three more rounds!
Raise your thighs higher!
Good morning!
Huh? Good morning?
What time do you think...
I swear the girl approached me
saying she was my fan.
Who would believe
such a ridiculous story?
I'm telling you the truth!
But that girl
called me a pervert...
...out of the blue...
and ran away.
She set me up...
I see. What a horrible girl...
to deceive you, Teacher.
That's right. You understand...
Yoo-hoo!
You wench!
The girl from yesterday!
Urumi Kanzaki!
What did you come here for?
For what?
Because I belong in this class.
Kanzaki...why?
Don't lie to me. You told me
you were 19 last night!
It's true.
Right.
URUMI KANZAKI
See?
I've been absent
for quite some time.
But I'll start coming
to school for a while.
So, Yoroshiku
(thank you in advance).
Don't be cheeky!
You called me a pervert,
and I had to go through hell!
What? Is that true?
All I said was...
"Someone!"
"That man!"
Just those three words.
I never used the word "pervert."
What?!
A King Cobra!
How cute!
Are you trying
to change the subject?
Do you think I will...
Noooo!
He's clamped on!
...on my...my....
Someone! Someone!
What's wrong?
Onizuka-sensei!
A King...Cobra...
deadly poison...
It's a King Cobra!
With deadly poison!
Someone! Get it off of me!
Fuyutsuki!
Nooo!
What's all the fuss about?
Help me, Principal! This!..
This!
Fuyutsuki-sensei,
give me that pair of scissors!
Here they are!
What are you going to do?
The only thing we can do is
to cut it off...
... before the poison
goes all over his body.
What?
Um...excuse me.
We can't waste even a second!
Everyone, hold Onizuka-sensei tight.
Yes, ma'am.
Wait... please...
I've never used it!
And you're gonna cut it off?
That's too cruel!
Is it more important
than your life?
I don't want to lose
either of them!
Hey, let go!
I'm telling you to let go!
Excuse me, Onizuka-sensei.
Move your hands over!
I don't want to!
No!
What?
This is...
It's a Japanese rat snake...
it's not poisonous.
So, it was a fake King Cobra.
Gosh, simple as that!
I...I've survived...
Phew.
But who in the world thought
of such an elaborate trick...
It must be that girl!
Urumi Kanzaki!
- What?
- Kanzaki?
Bad news!
Urumi Kanzaki came to school!
Who's teaching
the next class in 3-4?
Umm...
It's me...
Uh...what is it?
Kanzaki...
What? Kikuchi...
...it's been a long time...
What have you come here for?
What do you mean, "What?"
It's natural for a student
to come to school, isn't it?
I'm sure Aizawa or someone
asked you to come.
Miyabi only told me that
there was an interesting teacher.
He seems really interesting.
I think I'll be able to
kill some time with him.
Kanzaki!
All rise!
Bow!
Be seated!
So, you must be...
Urumi Kanzaki!
I'm sorry I've been
absent until today.
Oh, it's all right.
If you have any questions,
please don't hesitate to ask.
Yes!
Since teachers were warning me
so much about her...
... I thought she'd be
more outrageous...
...but she looks like
an ordinary, gentle kid.
CONFUCIUS
Confucius says, "Study
at the right time and acquire it.
"What a pleasure it is.
"Friends come to visit from afar.
"Unless you know the person well...
"...do not have negative thoughts
towards them.
This is the virtue of a wise man."
CHINESE CLASSICS III
In short, what Confucius
wanted to teach was...
...that to study
and acquire knowledge...
...by reviewing at the right time
is such a pleasure.
Also, what a pleasure it is...
...to welcome a friend from afar
with the same aspirations.
Now, let's have someone
read the next sentence.
Teacher!
Ah, then, Kanzaki-san.
Yes. Ah, before that,
I'd like to ask a question.
Sure. What is it?
If you say Confucius' words...
... in their original language,
it goes like this...
Isn't it?
But Confucius was
the very first scholar in China.
When you take
the historical background...
...of his time
into consideration...
...I think it is more natural
to interpret...
...the Chinese character "Study"
as acquiring manners...
...suitable for noblemen.
In other words, the part you said
was "to study at the right time"...
...could refer to social events
throughout the year.
The part about friends visiting
refers to welcoming and entertaining...
... important guests from other villages
at those events.
Also, the part about not knowing
the person and negative thoughts...
...could be interpreted
as working behind the scenes...
...at those events and rituals...
...without complaining
about the hard work.
That is what
a true wise man would do.
What do you think
of this interpretation?
RESIGNATION
Whoa! Fuyutsuki!
What are you doing,
submitting a letter of resignation?
Leave me alone!
I'd rather die...
...than not be able to answer
a question from a student!
- Calm down. Cool down!
- It's O.K. I'm just a...just a...
Fuyutsuki.
These are Kanzaki's tactics.
What?
She is...
...to say the least,
a trickster, but, anyway...
She makes it impossible
for a teacher to continue teaching.
There are times...
...when she asks questions
that a teacher just can't answer.
Other times she starts
some sort of trouble.
So, the snake that bit
into my thing was her...
But there is no proof.
That's...
Anyway, she plays all kinds
of tricks to harass teachers...
...without leaving any evidence.
That's Urumi Kanzaki's
classroom terrorism.
There are teachers who left...
... because they had
lost confidence...
Classroom terrorism?
That's ridiculous!
HARDCORE DRILL SERGEANT
I don't care whether it's terrorism
or berrorism (bero = tongue).
There's no reason
we shouldn't do anything...
... if we already know
that much.
I'll make her understand!
Hmm!
Ah... Onizuka-sensei, but...
Just leave it to me!
No! She is special!
Sensei!
Kanzaki!
Don't you think your tricks
are a little over the line?
Even gentle teachers
have their limits!
What are you talking about?
Urumi doesn't understand!
Don't tell me
you don't understand.
You tried to let a cobra
eat my crotch...
... made Fuyutsuki cry and...Ah!
Come with me for a minute!
Whoa!
I will hang you upside down...
...and lower you
into the pool and...
Onizuka-sensei.
Please stop.
Fuyutsuki.
Don't worry about me.
It's my fault
I haven't studied enough...
If you are this lenient,
students like her won't understand!
Are you listening?
Wait!
Anyway, I'm gonna punish you
until you cry so hard that....
Hey, Onizuka!
What is it this time?
What in the world are you doing?
Please keep quiet.
I am preaching to her
as a mere teacher...
This is outrageous!
She is special!
Don't you know?
Ah...Take your dirty hands
off of her!
Listen! We watch over her...
...as a special student
from the Ministry of Education.
What the hell is that?
This girl, Urumi Kanzaki,
is a super-genius with an IQ over 200.
There are less than a handful
of them in the entire world.
Do you understand?
200...IQ?
So what?
She has an official guarantee
to go to any university freely.
She is the star of our school,
so to speak.
So, if anything
should happen to her...
Firing you won't be enough.
Please treat her
with utmost caution!
Yoroshiku! Onizuka-sen-sei,
my homeroom teacher!
Yoroshiku!
I'm telling you to stop THAT!
Hold him down!
Class 3-4 Homeroom teacher.
Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old.
Yoroshiku.
Futari de tooku e ikou
Atarashii kimochi
kyou mo sagashi ni
Kimi to futari nara
norikoe rareru yo
Atarashii ashita
tanoshimi tai kara
Hitomi wo hiraite
tobira hiraku
Me no mae ni
hirogaru sekai
Soto ni detai
okiniiri no oto wo tsuret
Osanai koro no
kankaku ajiwau
Taiyou no hikari
abiru watashi wa koko ni iru yo
Kuraberu yori
ima no jibun wo taisetsu ni suru
Aitakute demo aenakute
Afureru kimochi
tada dakishimete
Hitodoori ooi toori
aruite itemo
Atama ni mawaru anata no egao
NEXT EPISODE
Huh?
I know teachers abandon
students in a time of crisis.